here we go this is a pizza very easy
kids they really love this some french
fry I've got I bought some fruit at one
when i use you can use some fresh one
but is very quick to you these ones you
know you are in a hardon you want to use
this one double cream some hot dogs I
cut that I sliced didn't like that some
cansado if you don't know how to make it
check the link check the link in the
description i bought this one anyway if
you don't know how to make a just bite
what's your problem pinch of salt and
extra virgin olive oil next start is
very easy preheat oven to and of degrees
let's make it okay I had the some extra
virgin olive oil so don't make it the
pizza to stick you know so first of all
we'll add some double cream watch my
double cream this is around 200 ml of
double cream for this kind of sides but
if you make a bigger Oh coach at more
kids they really like this italia I like
that meter I'm allowed to keep anymore
I hit the home of course and what we do
not now we like our hot dog someone is
phoning me but don't care yeah here we
go hot dog pizza the cream will make the
dough soft so the pizza be more soft
inner the last one i right that you know
come is in top add your fries you cannot
do some mozzarella cheese in yet I don't
like it here I like after to add some
for the kid to add some ketchup oh they
love fries very simple very easy you
know here we go the pizza is ready to go
no one let's make a Spielberg moment
here here we go 200 degrees let's see
for a long because every oven yeah
that'll work all the same here we go is
done I will not know a bit of salt what
the chips you if you like some ketchup
for the kids talk to me around for two
minutes but blame it depends really
believe depends of the whole new life
here you know this is very great very
nice especially for kids yeah this is my
coconut girl but anybody else see you
next tutorial oh wait no